one by one we've been setting up our
team with
$5,000 ultimate Tech upgrades that they
can spend on anything they choose from
board games to extremely scary induction
forges and today it is Colin our
production assistant turn we're going to
be upgrading his music gear his camera
gear and of course his gaming PC with
one of the best CPUs AMD has to offer
there's just one small problem Colin is
still learning English which AMD knew
about and decided to send over this
prototype calling to English
translator no I'm so excited let's try
it okay col and say something why do you
look like Slim Shady Great Scott it
works okay do the line roll the intro
[Music]
another AMD upgrade means another AMD
giveaway this time you can win one of
five Radeon 7700 XT Frost Punk 2 edition
cards from Sapphire not only does this
card feature 12 GB of vram but it's also
themed after the game Frost Punk 2 which
by the way you actually get a deluxe
edition code for the game with the card
enter for your chance to win by using
the link in the video description being
mute has made Colin extremely popular at
the office because he can never rat out
anybody for taking things but that
doesn't mean that he isn't guilty
himself in fact I've already found
something that is very recognizable
because it's probably the only one in
North America Colin why the bloody hell
do you have one of these I acquired this
from the Christmas party that's what
they always say the pillow I knew about
when he came from the old country he had
absolutely nothing so we kind of said
yeah sure you can have one of those I'm
unsure what does device does but I still
acquired it from the office it looks
like you put a bunch of Apple watches in
it I I I've never plugged it in it was
in the swag pile and I just took it he
should talk less I've never seen so much
self-incrimination I title tailed it
myself calibration complete de Voom
spark your life connecting what the hell
is this thing apparently it's just some
sort of pixel art display it's $1 170
Canadian dollars
so it's a $100 off so clearly nobody
else gets it either did you help him
with any of this because I don't know if
he realizes that this is not really very
modern I don't even know what that
is maybe Colin can explain it so tape I
can talk
now I know but can you like understand
this is tape yeah it's tape not good
it's not good I agree that's why I got
this this is the power play fpv DVR so
basically what you can do is this makes
this now a tapeless setup okay so it's a
little box that goes from The Av Port
the out to the AV in right on here and
it looks like a GoPro it looks like a
GoPro but it's not a GoPro and what you
could do is maybe just get a
GoPro no because it's it's I want it to
look like the camera is this like some
Zoomer where like it's a Vibe and you
want to record like an
old I wouldn't say maybe Boomer it looks
like you've got almost everything for a
new PC are you taking anything from the
old one yeah so I'm taking the power
supply and the AO out of the old one
okay hopefully the aiio transplants
without too much trouble and then Elijah
do you want to get things going with the
TV yes sir I think Colin likes having
holes in his walls do you like holes in
your walls there's no holes involved
with this TV we not mounting it to the
wall well not until Elijah gets his
hands on it I put like five extra holes
in someone's wall there's still going to
be a
hole so am I helping with this or so far
no okay I mean you can be helpful if you
want okay yeah I can I've built one or
two of these I think all right it's what
that thing is though right uh a computer
all right all right all
right I'm yeah I'm moving my TV oh you
guys know there's no room to put that
down right yeah there is yeah there is
oh okay it didn't look like it was going
to fit with the Soundbar there okay fine
so nervous doesn't trust us pece after
into his house don't move it now want to
explain your rationale behind your parts
here you've got a pretty decent gaming
machine already but you've clearly gone
balls to the wall yeah so I have a 5700x
in the old PC this is just the obvious
choice um mainly I use my PC for only
gaming um so gaming and music stuff I
use for my Windows machine and then on
my Mac I use for all the cre stuff so
this kind of is more gaming Centric but
this gives me enough ches and enough
power for the music stuff got it he's
gone with 32 gigs of ddr5 6000 cl30
which is basically the perfect spot for
bang for the buck so I don't think you
noticed but the CPU is from the office
too oh this is from our Roundup yeah
yeah and then this board is from the
Caris okay he sold it to me on the low I
didn't look too far into
it storage he's done with
two you got scammed what do you mean I
got scammed this is a 500 gig in here
yeah that's my old one the new one's in
there oh what Colin I have to preload it
okay with videos with videos from the
web cut
that that is exactly where I was going
to put this down thanks Elijah well I
was clearing the desk cuz didn't you
want to show off you know show off what
oh it's not quite the final version no
way we've got a modmat here today okay
cool let's build on the modmat made in
collaboration with the original creator
of the modmat the LT modmat is better in
every measurable way all right coming
soon LTD store.com let's go you can sign
up for a notification I got to say this
is a very Nic looking build did you
build this yes I did
damn what do you need all this storage
for another 2 tbte
Drive I only have bad jokes I don't want
to
know something something goon cave
something man your dating profile must
be a trip my favorite thing is that you
just automatically assumed I'm single
like there was just no doubt in your
mind I just mean you know you have a
goon room it's a lay I prefer layer I
actually just lost a screw
though oh it's it's stuck to along with
another bit it's stuck to the magnetic
end of the screwdriver LTT
store.com Ultra strong magnets while
they struggle with that Colin actually
bought a bunch of Ikea stuff because he
found a Pinterest perfect Ikea Des read
it Reddit perfect Ikea desk and uh I'm
going to get started on that by mounting
things into the wall so here here we go
I'm going to mount this peg board uh
Colin didn't give me instructions so I'm
just going to YOLO it but I think this
goes above he's got two of them can we
actually confirm are we going like this
are we going like this uh horizontal do
two side by side I love Colin that you
were like hey we're just putting the TV
on a console there's no way Elijah can
put extra holes in my wall and now
you're having him Mount these so I would
say so this that is kind of the same
length as this so this shelf okay easy
easy there easy tiger what are these
instructions they're good instructions
you said this that that this I was so
confused I say that okay is like is is
the same length as this okay so we want
to line it up right and then you can put
these and you want to measure it out so
it's equal on each side and you're going
to go one and then have the one right
next to it okay it's very easy what am I
mounting first that's why you're doing
it you green the makers of the nexo
charger yeah did you really include that
with your upgrade what do you need a
like 200 watt USB charger for cuz this
cuz basically what's going to happen
yeah is that there's going to be a power
bar up here yeah and then I have all the
shelving and all all the hooks and
everything so I'm going to have all my
all my camera charging stuff on the peg
boards got it so this is kind of going
to have to feed a lot of it cuz a lot of
it's um uh USBC I've always kind of
wondered what people are using these
gigantic usb chargers for that yeah is a
valid use case yeah and the Goon server
too that has to okay let's we got to
tone that down oh speaking of weird
stuff I own you're a big fan of Star
Wars I hear I used love the pre right
you love the prequels wait what you love
the prequels uh cuz boy do I have
something a full siiz Jar Jar Binks in
his goon cave I I I own these two uh
star Star Wars
memorabilia um so I don't have the full
body but I have the best part of the
head oh what a weird thing to say is it
oh they're putting two right yeah so
what one on one side one on the other no
I want them like attached yeah they will
so I'm saying like where is the center
like they have no chance no hope between
the two you might as well just start
putting in holes well no and then just
no no no no no just measure the tape
and then well we can move the table I
was going to say that we could just move
it so I wouldn't worry about it so then
I'm just going to put so this is fine
yeah you're fine oh my God wait actually
are you fine though oh see I know the
only thing the only thing I'm worried
about is that this end it doesn't line
up with this this is the center of the
table we can move the table I know but I
I but you're cramming me this way I
already have it in a good spot I'm going
to now there shouldn't be a stud here
cuz if there is we're kind of boned
okay what do I hear all right here we go
no takes Backes go ahead penetrate the
wall for
Glory nice all right you're so sweaty
yeah cuz I'm so
nervous now I'm
self-conscious why are you holding it
cuz I don't want to lift my armpits cuz
now I'm sweaty and life is like me no
good result can come from such a bad
process high up but I make it work I
guess
stop dude we got to cut this down bro
while Elijah's working on that why don't
you tell us about your drone upgrade is
this part of it yeah so that's part of
it um I currently have uh a mini2 and
this is the air uh 2s uh I bought it
from the office so basically the one
thing I wanted to fix was having 4K 60
on a drone mine currently only does 4K
30 so this does 4K 60 and it does 5.4k
in 30 and what do you use a drone for so
mainly I would use it on weddings just
with the consent of the bride and groom
or is this another weird thing well you
know they can hear it oo colins case is
a big upgrade 01 Vision pcmr
Edition that must have been something
that we ended up with as a sample that
you bought on the cheap no no we I got
that sent in from uh lean Lee so would
you recommend that as opposed to as
opposed to like zip tiing it what kind
of question is this would I recommend my
own product from my own store or would I
recommend a zip tie that looks like sh
zip tie is cheaper yeah it is cheaper
that's a good point these are really
expensive I'm
broke look thank you
a but look how cool that is I know it
looks so clean I did it and the magnets
are so strong you can like plug in a
thing and you can pull it out and the
magnet will keep the thing on the
thing that is the best explanation I've
heard so far why can't everybody just
say it like that yeah but you see where
I might have screwed up oh how they're
overlapping yeah I didn't think they
were supposed to overlap so oh so two
extra holes okay uh we'll find out what
go do your review
stop editor cut it here to make it look
like I did it Colin look hey we uh got
him perfectly leveled there's a tiny bit
of a gap but I think it looks you know
looks kind of good my God Elijah you did
it in one try yeah there's no extra hole
no
get that in there hell
yeah
oh huh finally got the pegboards
installed we left a little bit of a gap
which kind of nice your shelf's
installed we made a huge mess with all
of the uh the C cotton candy so we're
going to get this all cleaned up I think
is there anything else we need to mount
uh no not right now everything else
either will be with the hooks and and
with magnets got it okay then we'll
slide this all back and then we're good
to go yeah oh my God you're bringing out
the heads yeah nice head game on point
it is wait
what oh dear oh you're recording oh no
so the one thing I'd like to do is take
these goby lights and put them
underneath and there's just two so I
think they sink together and they should
just go right into one of these pretty
easily okay is it just to like shine
light at your desk yeah just so I can
like app control it there at night if
I'm alone in the dark um as I am there
you go look at that and then
o even more mixed light in here sorry
editor now that we've put the desk back
and lonus is still figuring out the
computer you brought out all your camera
stuff what was part of the upgrade and
what isn't part of the upgrade you
already had so the big part of the
upgrade is the RS4 um so this is a new
gimbal this is actually replacing my
rsc2 uh I love this thing but this is
this is this is pretty Overkill I'm I'm
camera illiterate okay what's a gimbal
like what does it do a gimbal is
basically a stabilization unit for your
camera that basically you can put it on
it and your and your shots are just
really smooth got it so if I you were
walking or something exactly so if
you're even holding like a handheld
tripod you'll still feel the bounce of
your walks this Smooths it all out got
it okay okay cool and then what is some
of these like camera filters by moment
yeah so I got four filters I got all 82
twos I got the cinare gold streak I got
the antiglare CPL I got the Blue
Streak original and then the uh variable
ND all in 82 got it which means that I
have
to which I also got these as well yeah
so these are my knf uh step up rings so
basically all my lenses currently are 67
so I have to I have to adapt them up to
82 got it okay so again I I know I said
I had no idea anything about cameras how
much is a gimbal cost uh this one's
pretty highend so this one's around 640
bucks Canadian oh Canadian okay so 450
us I'll thr on screen but yeah that's
super cool that's super super cool so
it's good it's good if you if you need
to get like lower the ground yeah for
like animals and pets it's great cuz you
can just kind of just like follow them
yeah there we go okay putting in my last
fan here my exhaust fan I've got these
ones screwed up I've got the Hub all
wired and everything we're looking for
one more CPU power cuz apparently we're
missing one this board actually has two
headers then I think we're ready for a
post test so let's screw this in I took
a short break for a meeting and somehow
it's worse than when I left it the
shelf's on the wall though are you proud
of me do you mean specifically this
computer or is it a more general
question all right we've gone with a
7900 XTX cuz Colin my boy is a gamer I
mean I guess if you have nobody to talk
to and infinite budget nobody else
sleeping in your bedroom
what does that to do with the GPU just
it makes sense to invest a lot in
playing video games really fast col in
you're going to find love Elijah
no none of this makes the YouTube
cut turns out there was a lot left for
the YouTube video but there's also over
30 minutes worth of extras on float
plane as well as a 15minute meet the
team video with Colin we learn more
about his role here at lmg and he even
tells us his weirdest experience that
he's had on the job so far head over to
lmg Dogg plane and subscribe today this
looks like ass where are all the cable
Combs on the other ones well just only
the one has cable Combs on it okay
there's no cable Combs on those ones no
there's not what you guys knew this yeah
I I I could have told you that you you
like I said it didn't matter you know
what doesn't matter Elijah what your
face did I just call out what you were
going to say what your name
is
what my name is who
shim shim
Shady why are you cable tying the AO
pumps I'm adding aesthetic no you're not
adding any oh that looks like ass not
that looks like actual ass take 10 steps
away from the PC for the love of
God oh yeah oh yeah there you go oh yeah
bud okay
cool look at this Andrew what
the like look at this one oh my God
I can see the
hole no no you can't you have an entire
thing in front of it you managed to put
the hole right in the gap between them
oh only on a certain angle I can't see
it from
here what Colin's not complaining I
don't care no it's fine do you know how
many extra holes I put in oh man how
many
four lus what you put the side panel on
we didn't power it on yet uh oh calling
your computer's broken he didn't plug in
the front iio there's a problem you
didn't plug in the front iio El do it
give me a second I thought you built the
computer no I didn't I didn't get much
time on it cuz you know Elijah you're
doing great I don't know if I am you're
cheesy okay let's plug in the damn
computer your hair looks
cheesy like literally why didn't we
decide to let him talk
today uh it wasn't us that was AMD by
the way thanks AMD
oh yeah yeah AMD lots of good technology
gpus and CPUs and AI
hey what I just turned off oh it's okay
never mind fine yay okay three of these
fans are not on the ones that I didn't
install so I mean you you have a lot of
gear like do you like play yes I do I I
do in fact play guitar are you like a
Weezer cover band or like no no I'm not
in a band I'm not in a I'm definitely
not in a Weezer cover band you could be
in a blink2 cover band
this system here is my pedal board um so
when I moved I wasn't able to bring my
amp so I kind of needed to figure out
something else um this seems way less
complicated this is actually not that
complicated it looks like a lock but
it's not and a lot of them kind of do
the same thing but I just have a bunch
of them so I have 1 two three four five
six uh delays mhm um you only need one
you have a lot of delays
you still haven't explained what any of
this does oh well basically so this is
all di so you so you plug in it goes to
the board and spits out out of here and
then it goes into the interface okay so
and then this pedal actually is my amp
okay so this is from uh UA this is the
dream uh 65 Reverb um cuz if you run
everything through it minus this you'll
probably need like a uh like a Plugin or
some sort of preamp to uh push
everything wait what is that how did I
not realize in this picture how did you
not realize you're right there what is
going on here this is my favorite band
blinkin 82 so I thought the heck you
guys I thought you uh Maria made me this
yesterday how does it have film grain oh
I have it on a video background I have
it on wallpaper so if you have wallpaper
engine look up Linus 182 and it too can
be yours I am dead
serious it's live right now why do so
many people who work here have pictures
of me in their houses I got to remember
who you're doing at before while you're
setting up to play some music for us is
there anything Elijah and I can do um
you can run the HDM cable that I bought
just run it from the back in uh around
the room into the TV cool right we
haven't even turned on the TV yet okay
cool let's do that uh where's the cable
it's in this room that has everything in
it just go in the Goon cave I don't
care I found lots of magazines that
Colin likes for the Articles oh my
Playboy this is a really nice Playboy um
it's from uh 19 don't open it it's all
ads watch no
don't imagine that being the page it
opens to so I'm going to want one of the
four oh they're all 4K 12 HZ that's
right this is one of the new ones what
TV is this we didn't even say what the
model was oh it's an LG C3 ooh oh open
box unit he got it for like dirt cheap
cuz it was open box how much was it
Canadian fo it was 1,700 Canadian I
think the finished setup looks really
good though oh yeah this looks amazing
like all jokes aside this is sick uh are
you going to play music for us or you
just going to stare at your blank screen
well I have to I have to make sure the
GPU works yeah yeah yeah yeah cuz of our
sponsor
AMD what is this what is this this
Tinder profile have you never seen super
bad oh yeah I know okay I recognize I
bought it from teu and uh it's
definitely the lowest quality jpeg I've
ever seen blown up to the biggest size
I've ever seen it's like not even
remotely centered if we go right right
here that's that actually adds to it
that's really the teu experience I got a
promotion for nine free things and um
this was part of it but the catch was
that you had to buy two things so I
ended up paying $50 for all this
garbage so I I got scammed from
10 there isn't even any room on this for
more pedals I know I got to swap them
out where even get put okay is this is
this more delay or this is something
else this one is so this one's kind of a
weird one so this one's a micro Looper
so typically a Looper is you time you're
playing so so you count to four hit the
loop then it goes this one always
listens so it works in Reverse so you'll
play and then you hit it and then it
will start looping whatever you just did
uh and then these controls these control
like your length so you can make it
really short yeah or really long yeah is
this alien thing more of your teamu
garbage yeah it is actually
anyways this is a great time to tell you
about my other
pedals so I got from uh Ranger effects
the Reverb X it's another Reverb so I
think I have six I have another pedal
Dave Ranger actually just sent this one
over but it's called the mini drone so I
actually haven't used it yet so we'll
kind of figure that out but I do know
that it just makes a drone which you can
control two pitches um and that's really
all I know so far so you know what they
say pitches be
crazy here we go here we go go he's
riffing he's riffing boys let me just
show you kind of what's I think this is
the the best example we're going to call
the Riz riff so this is a fuzz pedal so
this is a fuzz pedal right so you hear
that sounds like sounds like
garbage right
yeah okay and now it sounds like an amp
yeah so it sounds good
now
cool okay so the new one I got
[Music]
oh I just destroyed oh
God
Jesus so that's a basically a really
horrible demonstration of it it gives
you a lot of control though you can you
can manipulate stuff like you can
basically manipulate any sound right in
multiple different ways but it's just
it's something to if you're playing
something like that was really cool
catch it there's a song about how you
know being a guitar player is good for
attracting the opposite sex uh I would
know about that one no all
right maybe you're playing it wrong I
think I think so I think they don't like
to hear I think they like to hear a real
news like a
not come on give me
that no oh Adam song yeah well I mean
I'm I'm all dressed up for it
hey there we
go see he doesn't know how to play he
was just pretending not to
ladies
ladies to tie all the video stuff back
together you got Da Vinci resolve nice
the the paid version you should have
seen the previous takes that we did of
this it was embarrassing what are you
going to do with da Vinci though like
you I don't like paying Adobe I actually
hate them nice and for the past last
four years they've just been running up
my credit card so you can buy Da Vinci
once I already so this so This say 16 I
actually have 18 cuz you get free
upgrades Y and it's a it's a better
editor it's got It's got better color
and this is for what like doing weddings
or like yeah well pretty much just
anything really um just like freelance
work kind of yeah yeah yeah exactly cool
I feel like we didn't talk that much
about what we've upgraded like we're
about to play some video games on the
new TV obviously we upgraded the
computer got a 7900 XTX got the drone
the weird camcorder thing that I can't
even fathom needing a couple pedals and
then like that's it well I got all the
video stuff as well I think you were I
think you missed it so so um I got a
brand new gimbal I got all the filters
that I got in I got a new power bank
none of which answers my most important
question what the is that computer doing
it is the most beautiful piece of art I
have here have you played tape to tape
before oh yeah really love it but why do
you never join us for runs you never
invite me I've literally never been
invited I don't have you on Steam all
right we're going to fix this we're
going to fix this are we friends now I I
don't know are we best friends are we
are we go oh why you get
to things escalate so quickly with you
sorry do you play like mouse and
keyboard or something no no I
just I haven't played in a bit okay okay
we just got to move the puck a little
bit better here boys okay we got to move
the puck let's move the puck let's
go Carlos Chico
yeah this was fun this actually ended up
being while not a huge change to the
layout or anything like that a huge
change to the vibe of the space like man
it went
from well it went from what it
was to a really nice living room setup
then that TV is gorgeous this computer
corner is amazing I mean spending a
bunch of money on a case is not the kind
of thing that I would necessarily tell
people to do but oh man wouldn't you
want to sit next to this freaking
awesome and the pedals are now you have
those and now I can make more noise yeah
uh well
oh yeah they need this back I'm so sorry
yeah I know I'm really sorry no you
actually can't have it
anymore wow it's like taking a bone away
from a really angry puppy see you later
and thanks am for sponsoring AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade don't forget that
you guys can get a chance to win
whatever it is that the thing is you can
get a chance to win is at the link of
the video description oh I went the
wrong way